CodeQuartett
============


Rules:
Each card in the pack shows a list of
numerical data about the item. All the
cards are dealt among the players. There
must be at least two players, and at
least one card for each player. The
starting player selects a category from
his or her topmost card and reads out
its value. Each other player then reads
out the value of the same category from
their cards. The best value wins the
"trick", and the winner takes all the
cards of the trick and places them at the
bottom of his or her pile. That player
then looks at their new topmost card, and
chooses the category for the next round.
In the event of a draw, the cards are
placed in the center and a new category
is chosen from the next card by the same
person as in the previous round. The
winner of that round obtains all of the
cards in the center as well as the top
card from each player. Players are
eliminated when they lose their last card,
and the winner is the player who obtains
the whole pack.
